---
layout:     post
title:      "Editorial No.3 of CNN"
subtitle:   " New Economy, New Employment, and New Labor Relations"
date:       2019-07-31 08:56:00
author:     "CNN 陈祎旸"
header-img: "https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/07/30/eJqVeO.jpg"
tags:
    - UNHRC
    - CNN
---

Yesterday, delegates did not reach an agreement on the topic of “the rights of occupation.” Hence, Cable News Network suggests that the topic be further discussed on today’s meeting.  
 
There are three obvious questions at the surface：shall refugees share the same opportunity to seek jobs as the local people? How do such two kinds of people work together? Are their any jobs they might be banned to do?  
   
At the first hand, Cable News Network offers a new idea, which is called “sharing economy”. As a matter of fact, the development of new economy represented by “sharing economy” has already entered our lives.  
   
Carpooling, as well as Alibaba, which integrates tens of millions of microbusinesses are both “sharing economy” and “platform economy.”  

The reporter of CNN puts forward this new concept due to the questions we mentioned above about refugees’ seeking jobs, that its essence is all about economy. In other words, we seek jobs in order to enhance our own economic system (money accumulation).  

So, as we propose a solution, further problems emerge: How much potential does the “sharing economy” have for job recreation? How to define new economic labor relations? How to balance encouraging refugees have new economic development and interests of local workers?  

As the “sharing economy” developed, new forms of employment include new jobs created by sharing economy and platform economy. This is especially true when it comes to refugees who do not have a regular job but need an income at once. The sharing economy provides more flexible employment opportunities for refugees. In the past, people always emphasized that “starting a business is the channel of obtain employment”. And now, both the sharing economy and platform economy provide many chances for refugees’ employment without establishing business by themselves.  

Besides, these labor relations are just cooperative ones, which means that both sides have their rights and obligations. There is no dual subordination between refugees and economy.   

What’s more, although it’s a common sense that new jobs occur, and old jobs will disappear, it is only physical jobs that are being replaced. In the future, there will be not be so many people driving cars, turning screws. Nevertheless, more people will be freed to do creative work, and more people will be engaged in education, medical consultation, and other kinds of work, instead of repeating labor. These are illustrations of vitality of employment, which means that the interests between local people and refugees will never conflict.  

To sum up, Cable News Network supposes it’s a decent method to provide new economy---“sharing economy” to create new jobs for refugees and any other local people who do not have their jobs at present. We sincerely hope our suggestions will be a worldwide trend in the few decades.

